Add roadmap (#64)
grafana/xk6-disruptor: ROADMAP.md

   The main tenet of xk6-disruptor is to offer the best developer experience. In this regard, we will continue improving the API, providing more simplicity and convenience (making the general use cases easier) and extensibility (making complex use cases possible).

   3.1. Add more criteria for Pod selection

        Presently the pod selector only supports labels. It would be convenient to also select or exclude Pods based on annotations or their state (for example, exclude pods that are in Terminated state)
 
   3.2. Minimize the boiler-plate configuration for injecting faults

        Even when the xk6-disruptor has a lean API for selecting targets and defining the faults, the execution of the fault injection code requires some additional configuration. For example, defining scenarios for executing the fault injection. If a test does not have scenarios, this is considerable overhead. We want to explore alternatives such as helper classes for generating the required configuration using some sound defaults which could be easily overridden.

        Follow-up issues:
        - https://github.com/grafana/xk6-disruptor/issues/54

   3.3. Improve validations in the API

>         Presently the API in golang code does not validate the parameter passed from the test script. This introduces several issues including the difficulty for users to detect when they are misspelling arguments. We plan to address this issue by creating an API layer between the test code (Javascript) and the extension implementation (golang) that will validate the parameters passed to any function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Presently the API in Go code does not validate the parameter passed from the test script. This introduces several issues, including the difficulty for users to detect when they misspell arguments. We plan to address this issue by creating an API layer between the test code (JavaScript) and the extension implementation (Go) that will validate the parameters passed to any function.
```

        Follow-up issues:
        - https://github.com/grafana/xk6-disruptor/issues/45

## Mid-term

These are goals we expect to achieve in 6-12 months (Q2/2023-Q3/2023).

1. Add fault injection capabilities for other protocols

>    Presently the disruptor only supports fault injection for HTTP protocol. However, many microservice applications are moving to using gRPC. Additionally, for many use cases, the ability of injecting faults in database connections (e.g. Redis, MySQL) is relevant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Presently the disruptor only supports fault injection for HTTP protocol. However, many microservice applications use gRPC. Additionally, the ability to inject faults in database connections (e.g., Redis, MySQL) is relevant for many use cases.
```

   Therefore, we plan to research available multi-protocol proxies and study how they could be incorporated in the architecture of the disruptor agent.

2. Implement disruption for outgoing requests

   It is a common use case to test the effect of known patterns of behavior in external dependencies (services that are not under the control of the organization). Using the xk6-disruptor, this could be accomplished by implementing a Dependency Disruptor, which instead of disrupting a service (or a group of pods), disrupts the requests these pods make to other services. This could be implemented using a similar approach used by the disruptor: inject a transparent proxy but in this case for outgoing requests.

   Follow up issues:
   - https://github.com/grafana/xk6-disruptor/issues/53

3. Implement interface between xk6-disruptor extension and the disruptor agent using grpc

>    Presently, this interface is implemented by executing commands in the agent's container.This is a handy option because it does not require the agent to be accessible outside the Kubernetes cluster (exec command uses Kubernetes API server as a gateway) and will probably stay as a default communication mechanism. However, it has some important limitations in terms of error handling and execution of asynchronous tasks. Grpc would offer a more robust foundation for the extension/agent communication. It could still be used by tests running inside the Kubernetes cluster, for example using the [k6-operator](https://github.com/grafana/k6-operator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Presently, this interface is implemented by executing commands in the agent's container. This is a handy option because it does not require the agent to be accessible outside the Kubernetes cluster (exec command uses Kubernetes API server as a gateway) and will probably stay as a default communication mechanism. However, it has some important limitations in terms of error handling and execution of asynchronous tasks. gRPC would offer a more robust foundation for extension/agent communication. It could still be used by tests running inside the Kubernetes cluster, for example, using the [k6-operator](https://github.com/grafana/k6-operator).
```
